Many businesses struggle with the same issue...

Processing of~ and reporting on financial information.

This workbook demonstrates the enormous processing capacity of modern computers/spreadsheets (Excel specifically).

The aim is to indicate just how S L O W and I N E F F I C I E N T manual operators are (in comparison).

In the age of electronic documents (PDFs etc), manual processing has become obsolete.

System-generated PDFs can be treated just like normal .txt/.csv files (in other words imported into your CRM/ERP/Accounting software).

Don't expect the same from PDFs generated by scanning a hand-written document... at this point in time at least.

This workbook contains a custom ribbon tab called "FinRepTec".

The tab contains 5 buttons which are self-explanatory.

a) It generates 500,000 new random decimal numbers on the first worksheet, and indicates the time it took.
  "Processing speed is faster than a human operator by factors of millions"
b) It exports these numbers to a txt file of the users choice, and indicates the time this took.
  "Again... what time?"
c) It imports these numbers from the newly-created txt file into the second worksheet, and indicates the time this step took.
  "Even faster than creating the export"
d) It compares the new import to the original numbers generated to indicate accuracy (remember... 500,000 individual numbers are being compared to another 500,000).
  "Obviously the comparison result is 100%... and did you see that time...?"
  "You are welcome to amend a couple of decimals just to ensure that the comparison process actually does something"
e)  Clear the sheets and start again (if you did not believe your eyes)

Enjoy


